README.md, before:

# TypeDoc

Documentation generator for TypeScript projects.

![CI](https://github.com/TypeStrong/typedoc/workflows/CI/badge.svg)
![NPM Version](https://badge.fury.io/js/typedoc.svg)

## Documentation

For more detailed documentation, the changelog, and TypeDoc documentation rendered with TypeDoc, see https://typedoc.org.

## Installation

TypeDoc runs on Node.js and is available as a NPM package.

```text
npm install typedoc --save-dev
```

## Usage

To generate documentation TypeDoc needs to know your project entry point, and TypeScript
compiler options. It will automatically try to find your `tsconfig.json` file, so you can
just specify the entry point of your library:

```text
typedoc src/index.ts
```

If you have multiple entry points, specify each of them.

```text
typedoc package1/index.ts package2/index.ts
```

If you specify a directory, TypeDoc will use the `entryPointStrategy` option to determine how to resolve it.
By default, TypeDoc will search for a file called `index` under the directory.

### Monorepos / Workspaces

If your codebase is comprised of one or more npm packages, you can pass the paths to these
packages and TypeDoc will attempt to determine entry points based on `package.json`'s `main`
property (with default value `index.js`) and if it wasn't found, based on `types` property.
If any of the packages given are the root of an [npm Workspace](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v7/using-npm/workspaces)
or a [Yarn Workspace](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/workspaces/) TypeDoc will find all
the `workspaces` defined in the `package.json`. In order to find your entry points, TypeDoc requires
either that you turn on sourcemaps so that it can discover the original TS file, or that you
specify `"typedocMain": "src/index.ts"` to explicitly state where the package entry point is.
Supports wildcard paths in the same fashion as those found in npm or Yarn workspaces.

#### Single npm module

```bash
typedoc --entryPointStrategy packages .
```

#### Monorepo with npm/Yarn workspace at the root

```bash
typedoc --entryPointStrategy packages .
```

#### Monorepo with manually specified sub-packages to document

This can be useful if you do not want all your workspaces to be processed.
Accepts the same paths as would go in the `package.json`'s workspaces

```bash
# Note the single quotes prevent shell wildcard expansion, allowing typedoc to do the expansion
typedoc --entryPointStrategy packages a-package 'some-more-packages/*' 'some-other-packages/*'
```

### Arguments

For a complete list of the command line arguments run `typedoc --help` or visit
[our website](https://typedoc.org/guides/options/).

-   `--out <path/to/documentation/>`<br>
    Specifies the location the documentation should be written to. Defaults to `./docs`
-   `--json <path/to/output.json>`<br>
    Specifies the location and file name a json file describing the project is
    written to. When specified no documentation will be generated.
-   `--options`<br>
    Specify a json option file that should be loaded. If not specified TypeDoc
    will look for 'typedoc.json' in the current directory.
-   `--tsconfig <path/to/tsconfig.json>`<br>
    Specify a typescript config file that should be loaded. If not
    specified TypeDoc will look for 'tsconfig.json' in the current directory.

#### Source file handling

-   `--exclude <pattern>`<br>
    Exclude files by the given pattern when a path is provided as source.
    Supports standard minimatch patterns.
-   `--excludeNotDocumented`<br>
    Only document items which have a doc comment. This option is useful, if you
    want to document only small part of your symbols and do not show the
    remaining ones in the documentation.

#### Theming

-   `--theme <default|minimal|path/to/theme>`<br>
    Specify the path to the theme that should be used.
-   `--name <Documentation title>`<br>
    Set the name of the project that will be used in the header of the template.
-   `--readme <path/to/readme|none>`<br>
    Path to the readme file that should be displayed on the index page. Pass `none` to disable the index page
    and start the documentation on the globals page.

#### Miscellaneous

-   `--listInvalidSymbolLinks`<br>
    Display the list of links that don't point to actual code symbols.
-   `--version`<br>
    Display the version number of TypeDoc.
-   `--help`<br>
    Display all TypeDoc options.

## Contributing

This project is maintained by a community of developers. Contributions are welcome and appreciated.
You can find TypeDoc on GitHub; feel free to open an issue or create a pull request:
https://github.com/TypeStrong/typedoc

For more information, read the [contribution guide](https://github.com/TypeStrong/typedoc/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

Copyright (c) 2015 [Sebastian Lenz](https://typedoc.org).<br>
Copyright (c) 2016-2021 [TypeDoc Contributors](https://github.com/TypeStrong/typedoc/graphs/contributors).<br>
Licensed under the Apache License 2.0.

Commit message:

Update package name and add fork notice

README.md, after:

# TypeDoc

## Fork Notice

This is a fork of TypeDoc with added support for anonymous destructured parameters. See [this issue](https://github.com/TypeStrong/typedoc/issues/1703) for more details.

This fork is not maintained. Use at your own risk.

The original project documentation is left below unaltered.

## Description


Documentation generator for TypeScript projects.

![CI](https://github.com/TypeStrong/typedoc/workflows/CI/badge.svg)
![NPM Version](https://badge.fury.io/js/typedoc.svg)

## Documentation

For more detailed documentation, the changelog, and TypeDoc documentation rendered with TypeDoc, see https://typedoc.org.

## Installation

TypeDoc runs on Node.js and is available as a NPM package.

```text
npm install typedoc --save-dev
```

## Usage

To generate documentation TypeDoc needs to know your project entry point, and TypeScript
compiler options. It will automatically try to find your `tsconfig.json` file, so you can
just specify the entry point of your library:

```text
typedoc src/index.ts
```

If you have multiple entry points, specify each of them.

```text
typedoc package1/index.ts package2/index.ts
```

If you specify a directory, TypeDoc will use the `entryPointStrategy` option to determine how to resolve it.
By default, TypeDoc will search for a file called `index` under the directory.

### Monorepos / Workspaces

If your codebase is comprised of one or more npm packages, you can pass the paths to these
packages and TypeDoc will attempt to determine entry points based on `package.json`'s `main`
property (with default value `index.js`) and if it wasn't found, based on `types` property.
If any of the packages given are the root of an [npm Workspace](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v7/using-npm/workspaces)
or a [Yarn Workspace](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/workspaces/) TypeDoc will find all
the `workspaces` defined in the `package.json`. In order to find your entry points, TypeDoc requires
either that you turn on sourcemaps so that it can discover the original TS file, or that you
specify `"typedocMain": "src/index.ts"` to explicitly state where the package entry point is.
Supports wildcard paths in the same fashion as those found in npm or Yarn workspaces.

#### Single npm module

```bash
typedoc --entryPointStrategy packages .
```

#### Monorepo with npm/Yarn workspace at the root

```bash
typedoc --entryPointStrategy packages .
```

#### Monorepo with manually specified sub-packages to document

This can be useful if you do not want all your workspaces to be processed.
Accepts the same paths as would go in the `package.json`'s workspaces

```bash
# Note the single quotes prevent shell wildcard expansion, allowing typedoc to do the expansion
typedoc --entryPointStrategy packages a-package 'some-more-packages/*' 'some-other-packages/*'
```

### Arguments

For a complete list of the command line arguments run `typedoc --help` or visit
[our website](https://typedoc.org/guides/options/).

-   `--out <path/to/documentation/>`<br>
    Specifies the location the documentation should be written to. Defaults to `./docs`
-   `--json <path/to/output.json>`<br>
    Specifies the location and file name a json file describing the project is
    written to. When specified no documentation will be generated.
-   `--options`<br>
    Specify a json option file that should be loaded. If not specified TypeDoc
    will look for 'typedoc.json' in the current directory.
-   `--tsconfig <path/to/tsconfig.json>`<br>
    Specify a typescript config file that should be loaded. If not
    specified TypeDoc will look for 'tsconfig.json' in the current directory.

#### Source file handling

-   `--exclude <pattern>`<br>
    Exclude files by the given pattern when a path is provided as source.
    Supports standard minimatch patterns.
-   `--excludeNotDocumented`<br>
    Only document items which have a doc comment. This option is useful, if you
    want to document only small part of your symbols and do not show the
    remaining ones in the documentation.

#### Theming

-   `--theme <default|minimal|path/to/theme>`<br>
    Specify the path to the theme that should be used.
-   `--name <Documentation title>`<br>
    Set the name of the project that will be used in the header of the template.
-   `--readme <path/to/readme|none>`<br>
    Path to the readme file that should be displayed on the index page. Pass `none` to disable the index page
    and start the documentation on the globals page.

#### Miscellaneous

-   `--listInvalidSymbolLinks`<br>
    Display the list of links that don't point to actual code symbols.
-   `--version`<br>
    Display the version number of TypeDoc.
-   `--help`<br>
    Display all TypeDoc options.

## Contributing

This project is maintained by a community of developers. Contributions are welcome and appreciated.
You can find TypeDoc on GitHub; feel free to open an issue or create a pull request:
https://github.com/TypeStrong/typedoc

For more information, read the [contribution guide](https://github.com/TypeStrong/typedoc/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

Copyright (c) 2015 [Sebastian Lenz](https://typedoc.org).<br>
Copyright (c) 2016-2021 [TypeDoc Contributors](https://github.com/TypeStrong/typedoc/graphs/contributors).<br>
Licensed under the Apache License 2.0.
